## Understanding Check

1. For the Recipe Card project, I would manually run automated tests before pushing code, just to make sure that my code is fully functional before I track it in the remote branch. That way, I don't have to push code first before realizing that I missed a test or have some bug in functionality, saving me from making a million different commits and pushes to fix the issue.
2. Yes, since user actions trigger functions that produce some result and may return values. In that case, end to end testing, which emulates user actions and checks to see that the desired outcomes are produced, can be used to check if functions are returning correctly.
3. Navigation mode runs analysis of key -ility benchmarks and SEO from a "cold load", or when the page is first loaded up, while snapshot mode analyzes the site without reloading it, in whatever state it might be in (some interactions triggered, items in cart, forms half-filled, etc).
4. The Lighthousre reports show that points are deducted from performance for the speed of the site. Some data load is taken up byte the images, which we could compress to shave 518 kB (according to the report) and thus enhance load speeds. Serving images to users as .webp instead of pngs and jpegs would shave off those extra bytes. The accessibility of the site could be hiked with specification of a language for the root file (`html lang`) and the user experience would benefit from the addition of a `<meta name="viewport">` tag with width defined for the user's device; that would support load time too. Search Engine Optimization (SEO), or the site's prioritization in search engine results could be boosted with the addition of a `meta name='description` tag as well.
